# How to Cook Rice in a Rice Cooker

Estimated Cooking Difficulty: ★

## Essential Ingredients and Tools

* Rice Cooker
* Jiangnan Rice or Northern Rice
* Water

## Measurements

* Generally, one person can consume 100ml-200ml of rice.

Fingertip Water Measurement Method (a method for accurately determining the rice-to-water ratio)

* For Jiangnan Rice: Place the rice and water in the rice cooker pot. When the index finger touches the rice, the water level should just cover the first joint of the index finger and reach 1/4 of the way to the second joint (approximately 2.6 cm).
* For Northern Rice: Place the rice and water in the rice cooker pot. When the index finger touches the rice, the water level should just cover the first joint of the index finger (approximately 2 cm).

Use the above criteria to calculate the ratio of raw materials to be used.

## Instructions

* Wash the rice.
* Add the rice and water together into the rice cooker.
* Plug in the rice cooker and switch to cooking mode. Wait for approximately 30 minutes.
* Once the rice cooker automatically switches to keep-warm mode.
* Let the rice rest in the rice cooker for 10-15 minutes.
* Serve the rice.

## Additional Information

- Technical Summary
  - Regardless of the container used, the "Fingertip Water Measurement Method" can be used to cook good rice.
  - The amount of water significantly affects the texture of a bowl of good rice.
  - Jiangnan Rice is generally consumed in the South, while Northern Rice is generally consumed in the North. Jiangnan Rice tends to be long and slender, whereas Northern Rice is shorter and rounder.
  - Different varieties of rice require different water amounts, which drastically affect the texture.
- For more information, please refer to the manual of the rice cooker being used.

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement while following this guide, please submit an Issue or Pull request.
